[PLAYER-42] adding theme capability to player (#118)
Genymobile/genymotion-device-web-player: README.md

</script>
```

## Style and CSS

> The player use css variables to stylized some parts of the app, but the player is still totally customisable throught overload of the css class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The player use css variables to stylize some parts of the app, but the player is still totally customisable through overloading the css classes.
```

Reviewer 2: Also: "The player uses" (instead of "The player use").

"style" might also be more straightforward than "stylize".

> #### CSS variables available are theirs default presets:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### CSS variables available with their default presets:
```
